Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Have you heard of Jho Low?
I don't know.
I've never heard of Jho Low.
I have made a request.
Hopefully. they will look into it
and investigate accordingly.
Hopefully. we can continue our dream
to see this country free of corruption.
I sell skewers. steamboat. and barbeque.
I am illiterate. I don't know.
What do you know of Najib?
I don't read or watch the news.
I don't know much about him.
I work at sea and don't have time
for these things.
The biggest problem I have faced
is the tsunami.
My boat went down with the waves.
That's all I know.
There are many politicians
who only talk. but don't take action.
Our country needs to invest more
in development.
Talk less. act more.
I hope in the future.
my children will be successful.
Earn a good salary.
Be able to afford a home.
Right now.
housing costs are too expensive.
Jho Low? I heard about him
usually on the news.
It's an old story already.
Nothing's changed.